DOCS-#2986: Document `modin.experimental.engines.{pandas_on_ray, pyarrow_on_ray}` (#3005)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/experimental/engines/pyarrow_on_ray.rst

:orphan:

PyArrow-on-Ray Module Description
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
High-Level Module Overview
''''''''''''''''''''''''''
This module houses experimental functionality with PyArrow backend and Ray
engine. The biggest difference from core engines is that internally each partition
represented as ``pyarrow.Table`` put in the ``Ray`` plasma store.

Why to Use PyArrow Tables
'''''''''''''''''''''''''
As it was `mentioned <https://wesmckinney.com/blog/apache-arrow-pandas-internals/>`_

> by pandas creator, pandas internal architecture is not optimal and sometimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the pandas creator, pandas internal architecture is not optimal and sometimes
```

> needed memory footprint may be up to ten times more than the original dataset size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs up to ten times more memory than the original dataset size
```

(note, that pandas rule of thumb: `have 5 to 10 times as much RAM as the size of your
dataset`). In order to fix this issue (or at least to reduce needed memory amount and
needed data copying), ``PyArrow-on-Ray`` module was added. Due to optimized architecture
of PyArrow Tables, number of needed copies can be decreased `down to zero
<https://arrow.apache.org/docs/python/pandas.html#zero-copy-series-conversions>`_ in some

> corner cases, that can signifficantly improve Modin performance. Downside of this approach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corner cases, that can signifficantly improve Modin performance. The downside of this approach
```

> is that PyArrow and pandas have different APIs and some functions/parameters can have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is that PyArrow and pandas do not support the same APIs and some functions/parameters can have
```
